DO YOU THINK THERE'S A TOWN
IN MISSOURI OR SOMEPLACE
CALLED SAMPLE?
AND, AS YOU'RE
DRIVING INTO TOWN
THERE'S, LIKE, A SIGN
AND IT SAYS,
"YOU'RE IN SAMPLE"?
HEY.
HEY!
HOW DID IT GO WITH PETE?
TELL US.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS, OKAY?
SO I GO OVER THERE...
EXCUSE US.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S A LITTLE CROWDED.
DO YOU MIND IF WE SIT...
YEAH, COULD YOU SKOOCH?
MOVE OVER JUST
A LITTLE BIT?
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
KEEP ON SKOOCHING.
GRACIAS.
SO...
I GO OVER THERE,
AND I'M...
WHAT... WHAT
IS WRONG WITH ME?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
TIM...
I HAVE A FEELING...
I... MY WIFE IS SLEEPING
WITH HER GYNECOLOGIST.
OH, NO. REALLY?
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
HE'S GOT ACCESS.
YOU KNOW, YOU JUST FEEL
AND YOU GET, YOU KNOW?
LIKE GOING BOWLING
AND YOU KNOW YOU'RE IN
SOMEBODY ELSE'S SHOES?
THAT'S THE ONE.
ALL RIGHT,
SO YOU WENT TO PETE'S...
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHY IS THIS
HAPPENING TO ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IT'S MY WOUND.
FORGET IT.
YOUR WOUND?
IT'S NOT HEALED YET?
NO. IT OOZES.
COULD YOU
PASS THE CREAM?
OH, THERE'S THE CREAM.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
TOMAS, THIS
IS GOING TO BE HARD,
BUT I WANTED IT TO COME
FROM ME AND NOBODY ELSE.
WHAT IS IT, TIM?
IT'S ME. I'VE BEEN
SLEEPING WITH YOUR WIFE.
SO YOU'RE
THE GYNECOLOGIST?
HEY, I'M TRYING TO HAVE
A PRIVATE CONVERSATION.
OH, CAN I HAVE
A NAPKIN, PLEASE?
PLEASE HAND A...
GIVE ME THE THING,
ALL RIGHT?!
OH, THAT'S IT,
ALL RIGHT. ENOUGH!
AND YOU ARE
NO LONGER MY FRIEND!
WE ARE FINISH!
NADA! NO MORE!
YOU ARE A BASTARD
FOR DOING THIS!
GET AWAY FROM ME!
TOMAS, PLEASE.
COME BACK HERE.
SO, MONICA, WHAT WERE
YOU GOING TO TELL US?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU ♪
♪ LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
SO, COME ON,
WHAT WAS THE BIG NEWS
PETE WANTED
TO TELL YOU, MON?
OR SHOULD I SAY,
MRS. MONICA BECKER?
NO, NO.
OH, KEEP YOUR NAME
DON'T TAKE HIS NAME.
HE DIDN'T ASK ME
TO MARRY HIM.
WELL, THEN, DEFINITELY
DON'T TAKE HIS NAME.
HE WANTED TO TELL ME
HE'S GOING TO COMPETE
IN SOME ULTIMATE
FIGHTING COMPETITION THINGY.
PETE?
WHAT?
WHY? WHAT IS IT?
I DON'T KNOW,
EXACTLY.
IT'S SORT OF LIKE WRESTLING.
OH?
BUT WITHOUT THE COSTUMES.
OH.
AND IT'S NOT FAKE.
IT'S TOTALLY BRUTAL.
YEAH, IT'S TWO GUYS
IN THE RING,
AND THE RULES ARE...
THERE ARE NO RULES.
YOU CAN, LIKE, BITE
AND PULL PEOPLE'S
HAIR AND STUFF?
ANYTHING GOES EXCEPT
EYE-GOUGING AND FISHHOOKING.
WHAT'S FISHHOOKING?
"WHAT'S FISH--"
THANKS, MAN.
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
REALLY HARD TO DESCRIBE.
WHAT IS THAT TASTE?
WHAT? MY HANDS
ARE TOTALLY CLEAN.
I JUST GAVE
THE DUCK A BATH.
Man:
SO THANKS FOR THE WARM WELCOME.
IT'S GOOD TO HAVE YOU GUYS
ON MY TEAM.
I COME TO PLAY.
I HOPE YOU DO, TOO.
NOW LET'S GO OUT THERE
AND GET 'EM.
AND REMEMBER...
THERE IS NO "I" IN "TEAM."
YES, BUT THERE'S TWO
IN "MARTINI."
SO EVERYBODY
BACK TO MY OFFICE.
YOU... CHUCKLES.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
IT'S BING, SIR.
I'M SORRY. I WAS JUST...
NO, NO.
I HEARD WHAT YOU SAID.
FUNNY. I LIKE FUNNY.
OH. WELL...
THIS TEAM'S ABOUT HARD WORK,
BUT IT'S ALSO ABOUT HAVING FUN.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU
ABOARD, BING!
THAT'S RIGHT. RYDER.
WINONA RYDER, FOR SIX.
THANK YOU.
YEAH, WE HAVE
THE RESERVATIONS.
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY.
WAY TO GO!
DUDE, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
THANK YOU. TODAY, MY BOSS
KEPT SLAPPING MY BUTT
AND HE WAS ACTING
LIKE IT WAS NO BIG DEAL.
WHAT DID YOU DO
ABOUT IT?
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
I DIDN'T WANT TO BE THE GUY
WHO HAS A PROBLEM WITH HIS BOSS
SLAPPING HIS BOTTOM.
I GOT TO TELL YOU,
I THINK IT'S OKAY
TO BE THAT GUY.
YEAH, MAYBE IT'S LIKE,
YOU KNOW, THAT JOCK THING.
YOU KNOW,
HOW FOOTBALL PLAYERS
PAT EACH OTHER
AFTER TOUCHDOWNS.
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T UNDERSTAND GUYS.
I MEAN, I... I WOULD NEVER
CONGRATULATE MONICA
ON A GREAT STEW
BY, YOU KNOW,
GRABBING HER BOOB.
YEAH, I KNOW.
FOR A REALLY GREAT STEW
YOU JUST STICK YOUR HEAD
IN BETWEEN THEM.
CAN WE PLEASE GO EAT?
YEAH.
WHAT ARE WE GETTING?
ANYTHING BUT STEW.
ALL RIGHT, SO,
CHANDLER, FROM NOW ON
DON'T GIVE YOUR BOSS
A CHANCE TO GET YOU.
JUST DON'T TURN
YOUR BACK TO HIM.
YEAH, OR YOU COULD TEACH HIM
A LESSON, YOU KNOW?
WHAT YOU COULD DO
IS YOU COULD RUB SOMETHING
THAT SMELLS REALLY BAD
ON YOUR BUTT, RIGHT?
THEN, WHEN HE
GOES TO SMACK YOU
HIS HAND WILL SMELL.
NOW, WHAT COULD
YOU RUB ON YOUR BUTT
THAT WOULD SMELL BAD?
WHAT IF JOEY
WAS PRESIDENT?
HEY, RACH, CAN
I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
YEAH.
OKAY.
YOU CAN
TOTALLY SAY NO.
BUT, UM, WOULD IT
BE OKAY WITH YOU
IF I SET ROSS UP
ON A DATE?
OH. UH... WITH WHO?
MY FRIEND BONNIE.
SHE ALWAYS THOUGHT
ROSS WAS REALLY CUTE.
AND NOW THAT YOU TWO
AREN'T TOGETHER
SHE ASKED
IF I COULD SET IT UP.
BUT IF YOU'RE
NOT COOL WITH IT...
WHICH ONE
IS BONNIE AGAIN?
YOU REMEMBER HER
FROM MY BIRTHDAY PARTY
TWO YEARS AGO?
SHE'S, LIKE,
AVERAGE HEIGHT...
MEDIUM BUILD...
BALD.
OH.
THAT'S FINE.
GREAT! OKAY.
GOOD FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHT!
YOU ARE IRON!
YOU ARE STEEL!
LET ME ASK
YOU SOMETHING.
HOW COME WHEN I CALL
YOUR COMPUTER SUPPORT LINE
I HAVE TO WAIT
AN HOUR AND A HALF?
I TOLD YOU, WE'RE ADDING
NEW OPERATORS ALL THE TIME.
CAN WE CONCENTRATE
ON MY TRAINING?
IT'S JUST HARD WHEN I KNOW
I HAVE E-MAIL I CAN'T GET!
HI.
MONICA.
HEY.
HI, HONEY.
ON THE TABLE.
HEY, UM...
SO LISTEN, UM...
MY FRIENDS WERE TELLING ME
A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
THIS ULTIMATE
FIGHTING THING.
IT SOUNDS
REALLY DANGEROUS.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET HURT BECAUSE I...
I KIND OF LIKE YOU.
BELIEVE ME, I DON'T
WANT TO GET HURT, EITHER.
I'M BEING SMART ABOUT THIS.
SEE THESE GUYS?
THEY'RE THE BEST TRAINERS
IN THE WORLD.
HOCHI HERE
USED TO BE A PAID ASSASSIN.
( speaking Cantonese )
A HOUSE PAINTER.
HE USED TO BE A HOUSE PAINTER.
PROMISE ME
YOU'LL BE CAREFUL.
I PROMISE.
ARE WE STILL ON
FOR TONIGHT?
YEAH.
GOOD.
MAYBE WE CAN HAVE
A LITTLE WORKOUT
OF OUR OWN.
NO! NO BOOM-BOOM
BEFORE BIG FIGHT!
HOW ABOUT
JUST A "BOOM"?
WOW, THAT WAS DEPRESSING.
I THINK I JUST
BOUGHT A SOFT PRETZEL
FROM ONE OF THE KIDS
FROM FAME.
OH...
READY TO GO TO THE MOVIES?
MM-HMM. OH, RACH,
THIS IS BONNIE.
HI.
THIS IS BONNIE?
YOU'RE BONNIE?
I CAN SHOW YOU AN I.D.
IF YOU WANT.
OH, NO. I'M SORRY.
YOU LOOK A LOT DIFFERENT
THAN THE LAST TIME I SAW YOU.
OH, YEAH. WELL, I JUST
STARTED WEARING BRAS AGAIN.
OH, THAT MUST BE IT.
WELL, I HOPE YOU
HAVE FUN TONIGHT.
THANKS. YOU, TOO.
YOU SAID SHE WAS BALD.
YEAH, SHE WAS BALD.
SHE'S NOT NOW.
HOW COULD YOU NOT TELL ME
THAT SHE HAS HAIR?
I DON'T KNOW.
I HARDLY EVER SAY
THAT ABOUT PEOPLE.
OH, WELL,
THIS IS JUST PERFECT!
WELL, I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT
YOU SAID IT WAS OKAY.
YEAH, I SAID IT WAS OKAY
WHEN I THOUGHT
SHE WAS SOME
WEIRD BALD CHICK.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW...
THAT GIRL HAS GOT HAIR
ALL OVER HER HEAD.
WELL, MAYBE
IT WON'T WORK OUT.
MAYBE ROSS WON'T LIKE
HER PERSONALITY.
DOES SHE HAVE
A BAD PERSONALITY?
NO. BONNIE'S THE BEST.
BING!
READ YOUR
COMPUTEK PROPOSAL.
REAL HOME RUN.
OOH!
BARELY GOT YOU
THAT TIME.
GET OVER HERE.
COME ON.
WHAM! GOOD ONE.
THAT WAS A GOOD ONE.
KEEP AT IT, TEAM.
WHAT IS WITH HIM?
WITH HIM?
YOU'RE HIS FAVORITE.
YOU'RE HIS GUY.
WE NEVER GET SMACKED.
WELL, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
HE SMACKED YOU ONCE.
NOT ON PURPOSE.
HE RICOCHETED OFF YOU
AND GOT ME.
AND I'M TELLING YOU,
I NEED SOME SMACKS.
I GOT A KID STARTING
DARTMOUTH IN THE FALL.
DARTMOUTH?
WHO WENT TO DARTMOUTH?
DARTMOUTH SUCKS.
DID YOU GO
TO DARTMOUTH, BING?
NO, SIR.
THERE YOU GO!
HEY.
GOD, ROSS,
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S THE ULTIMATE
FIGHTING COMBO.
I SAVED 30 CENTS, PLUS
I GET TO KEEP THE CUP. YAY!
FROM NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK
APPEARING IN HIS ULTIMATE
FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIP DEBUT...
HE'S KNOWN FOR HIS
CONFRONTATIONAL BUSINESS STYLE!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
INTRODUCING...
PETE... BECKER!
( cheering )
HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!
I LOVE YOU, PETE!
( audience cheering )
AND HIS OPPONENT, FROM
HUNTINGTON BEACH, CALIFORNIA...
HE'S A 300-POUND
STREET FIGHTER...
TANK ABBOTT!
( audience cheering )
( booing )
PETE! PETE!
THAT GUY'S
PRETTY HUGE.
DON'T WORRY.
HOCHI TAUGHT ME HOW TO USE
AN OPPONENT'S STRENGTH
AND WEIGHT AGAINST HIM.
THEN THAT GUY IS IN SERIOUS,
SERIOUS TROUBLE.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GO
GET HIM! LET'S GO!
HERE WE GO, GENTLEMEN.
HERE WE GO.
ARE YOU READY?
LET'S GET IT ON!
UH-OH.
OH!
HEY.
IT'S ME.
MO-NI-CA.
CAN I JUST TELL YOU
HOW PROUD I AM OF YOU?
IT WOULD BE NICE AFTER
HEARING 20,000 PEOPLE CHANT
"YOU SUCK!"
I MEAN, I THOUGHT YOU
WERE NUTS AT FIRST
BUT YOU DID IT.
NOW YOU CAN JUST LOOK BACK
AT THIS WHOLE THING
WITH NO REGRETS.
LOOK BACK?
WELL, YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO KEEP GOING, ARE YOU?
WELL, LET ME ASK
YOU A QUESTION.
AM I THE ULTIMATE
FIGHTING CHAMPION?
NO, BUT...
WELL, I'M NOT
GOING TO STOP
UNTIL I'M THE ULTIMATE
FIGHTING CHAMPION.
THAT GUY STOOD ON YOUR NECK
UNTIL YOU PASSED OUT.
LET ME TELL YOU A STORY.
WHEN I SET OUT
TO CREATE MOSS 865
DO YOU THINK IT JUST
HAPPENED OVERNIGHT?
NO. THERE WAS MOSS ONE
THAT BURNED DOWN
MY DAD'S GARAGE.
THERE WAS MOSS TWO
THAT WOULD ONLY SCHEDULE
APPOINTMENTS IN JANUARY
AND 862 OTHERS
THAT I LEARNED FROM
JUST LIKE I LEARNED
FROM THIS FIGHT
NEVER TO LET A GUY
STAND ON MY NECK.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW
THAT ALREADY?
LOOK, I'M GOING
TO GET BETTER.
OKAY? I PROMISE YOU.
OKAY.
JUST... GET
A LOT BETTER... FAST.
OH, ONE OTHER THING--
HOCHI THINKS THAT
YOU BEING RINGSIDE
MAY HAVE AFFECTED
MY CONCENTRATION.
YEAH.
TH-THAT WAS THE PROBLEM.
HEY.
HEY. HOW LONG
UNTIL PETE'S FIGHT?
OH, ABOUT FIVE MINUTES.
RIGHT NOW THEY'RE INTERVIEWING
HIS OPPONENT.
APPARENTLY, HE TRAINS
BY GOING TO IRAN
AND PULLING THE ARMS
OFF THIEVES.
WOW.
HOT DOG?
FOUR, PLEASE.
I'M REALLY NERVOUS.
THANK YOU.
SO, ROSS, HOW, UM...
HOW DID IT GO WITH BONNIE?
OH, I GOT TO TELL YOU.
I WASN'T EXPECTING
TO LIKE HER AT ALL.
I MEAN, I ACTUALLY
WASN'T EXPECTING
TO LIKE ANYONE
RIGHT NOW, BUT...
SHE'S REALLY TERRIFIC.
OH, IT'S TOO BAD.
NO, I... I'M
SAYING I LIKED HER.
YEAH. THERE ARE
OTHER FISH IN THE SEA.
PHEEBS, I THINK
SHE'S GREAT, OKAY?
WE'RE GOING OUT AGAIN.
OKAY. I HEAR YOU.
ARE YOU CAPABLE OF TALKING
ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE?
HEY, WHICH ONE'S
MY TURKEY BURGER?
UH, THE ONE
NEXT TO MY FOOT.
HEY, THE FIGHT'S STARTING.
OKAY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT IN.
SO DID YOUR BOSS TRY
TO SLAP YOU AGAIN TODAY?
NINE TIMES.
I HAD TO PUT ON LOTION.
BUT IT'S GOING TO BE OKAY
BECAUSE TOMORROW
I'M CONDUCTING AN EXPERIMENT
AND IF ALL GOES AS PLANNED,
MY BUTT WILL BE SMACK-FREE.
FIGHT'S OVER.
EXCUSE ME. DOUG?
HEY, THERE, SPORTS FANS!
BING, YOU GOT
THOSE NUMBERS FOR ME?
NO. I, UH... I
DIDN'T DO THEM.
OH? YOU FORGOT?
NO. NO, I JUST
DIDN'T DO THEM.
INSTEAD I HUNG OUT
WITH SOME FRIENDS
AND HAD A COUPLE
OF BEERS.
SO I CERTAINLY DON'T
DESERVE ANY PRAISE
VERBAL OR... OTHERWISE.
WELL, I GOT TANKED
MYSELF LAST NIGHT.
PRETTY DICEY DRIVE HOME.
TAPPAN ZEE BRIDGE
NEVER LOOKED SMALLER.
THAT'S OKAY. YOU'RE STILL
MY NUMBER ONE GUY. BING!
DOUG!
HMM?
I'M A LITTLE BIT
UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH THE WAY THAT
YOU EXPRESS YOURSELF.
IS IT THE SWEARING?
I MEAN IS IT
THE CONSTANT SWEARING?
BECAUSE, I GOT
TO TELL YOU, IF IT IS
WELL, YOU CAN JUST
KISS MY ASS. HUH?
NO. NO, IT'S NOT
ABOUT THE SWEARING.
IT'S MORE ABOUT, UH...
THE WAY THAT YOU
OCCASIONALLY CONCENTRATE
YOUR ENTHUSIASM...
ON MY BUTTOCKS.
OH.
OH, AND DON'T
GET ME WRONG.
I APPRECIATE
THE SENTIMENT.
IT'S JUST THAT I...
I HAVE A RATHER...
SENSITIVE POSTERIOR...
AND, UH, BESIDES IT'S MAKING
ALL THE OTHER GUYS JEALOUS.
WELL, SAY NO MORE.
YOU KNOW, IT TAKES GUTS
TO BRING THIS UP.
BING! YOU'RE OKAY.
OKAY.
HA...
HUH...
OKAY, WOULD YOU RATHER LIVE
IN THE SHIRT POCKET
OF A SWEATY GIANT
OR INSIDE
HIS SHOWER DRAIN?
OH, MY GOD.
PHOEBE, LOOK, IT'S
ROSS AND THAT GIRL.
NO! NO! LOOK AT THAT!
IT'S A LINE OF ANTS!
THEY'RE WORKING
AS A TEAM.
PHOEBE, COME ON.
RIGHT. OH, YEAH.
WOW. OH. IT
LOOKS LIKE ROSS
IS BREAKING UP
WITH HER.
OOF, I HOPE HE LETS
HER DOWN EASY. LET'S GO.
COME ON, PHOEBE!
LOOK AT THAT.
THEY'RE NOT BREAKING UP.
LOOK AT THEM!
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT IS?
THIS IS A SECOND DATE.
THAT'S WHAT THAT IS.
LOOK AT THAT. SHE'S JUST
PUT HER HAND ON HIS THIGH.
OH, NO, THAT REALLY
IS NOTHING.
SHE'S VERY SEXUALLY
AGGRESSIVE.
OH! PHOEBE, THIS IS
ALL YOUR FAULT.
NOW HE LOVES HER.
HE'S GOING TO MARRY HER,
AND THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT.
YOU SAID IT WAS OKAY.
YOU SAID SHE WAS BALD.
WAS. WAS, WAS, WAS, WAS, WAS.
PHOEBE, WE JUST CAN'T
LET IT HAPPEN, OKAY?
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
WE HAVE TO BREAK THEM UP, OKAY?
JUST GO IN THERE AND,
LIKE, SHAVE HER HEAD.
YOU OWE ME
ONE BALD GIRL.
OKAY,
FIRST OF ALL, BREATHE.
SECOND OF ALL,
I DON'T GET IT.
AREN'T YOU THE ONE THAT DECIDED
YOU DIDN'T WANT TO BE WITH ROSS?
YES.
WELL, ISN'T HE YOUR FRIEND?
DON'T YOU WANT HIM
TO BE HAPPY?
YES.
SO?
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW,
I DIDN'T EXPECT HIM
TO BE THIS HAPPY
SO SOON.
( groaning )
OH...
OH, NO.
WHAT?
OH, WE KILLED THEM ALL.
OH!
( gasps )
( grunts )
IT'S OKAY. IT'S NOT
AS BAD AS IT LOOKS.
IT'S A PRECAUTION.
I'M NOT SUPPOSED
TO MOVE MY SPINE.
PLEASE TELL ME
YOU'RE STOPPING NOW.
I'M FINE.
I'D FIGHT TONIGHT,
IF THEY'D LET ME.
NOW, SEE THIS CIRCLE
I'M MARKING OFF HERE?
THIS IS MY ZONE OF TERROR.
YOU ARE INSANE.
YOU'VE GOT
TO GIVE THIS UP.
I CAN'T UNTIL
I'M THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER.
I WILL DO IT.
I'M TELLING YOU,
THE DAY WILL COME
WHEN CHILDREN WILL ARGUE
OVER WHO WILL WIN A FIGHT--
ME OR SUPERMAN.
NOW, I'M NOT SAYING
I CAN BEAT SUPERMAN,
BUT KIDS ARE STUPID.
SIT DOWN. ALL RIGHT,
PLEASE, LISTEN TO ME.
YOU ARE TERRIBLE AT THIS.
YOU ARE THE WORST
ULTIMATE FIGHTER EVER.
EVER.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE
A TORN ROTATOR CUFF
A HAIRLINE FRACTURE
ON MY RIGHT FOREARM
AND A SEVERELY BRUISED
ADAM'S APPLE, BUT THAT
REALLY HURT.
WELL, THEN, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CARE ABOUT YOU TOO MUCH
TO WATCH YOU
HURT YOURSELF LIKE THIS.
SO IF YOU HAVE TO DO THIS
THEN YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO DO IT WITHOUT ME.
WELL, IF YOU'RE
ASKING ME TO QUIT
THEN YOU'RE ASKING ME
TO BE SOMEONE I'M NOT.
I'VE GOT TO DO THIS.
THEN I'VE GOT TO GO.
GOOD-BYE.
MON... MONICA?
YES?
COULD YOU LEAVE A NOTE 'CAUSE
I'M ON A LOT OF PAINKILLERS NOW
AND I DON'T KNOW
IF I'LL REMEMBER THIS TOMORROW.
SO, IN CONCLUSION,
THE LINES ALL GO UP,
SO I'M HAPPY.
GREAT JOB, TEAM.
TOMORROW, 8:30.
PHIL, NICE JOB.
STEVENS, WAY TO GO.
GOLDBERG, YOU MANIAC.
I LOVE YA.
BING, GOOD JOB.
COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU.
THANK YOU, SIR.
OH, EXCUSE ME.
FORGOT MY BRIEFCASE.
YOU KNOW, BY ACCIDENT.
OF COURSE YOU DID.
FORGOT SOMETHING ELSE,
TOO, YOU BASTARD.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT YOU?
YOU'RE NOT FEELING LEFT OUT
OR ANYTHING, ARE YOU?
NO.
NO. NOT AT ALL.
THAT'S... THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
EVERYBODY ELSE GOT ONE AND YOU
WANT ONE, TOO, DON'T YOU?
YES. YES, I DO.
NOW, GET ON OUT
OF HERE, YOU.
Announcer: Pete Becker
is circling the ring now.
Looks like he's just
trying to feel him out.
Oh! Bruza is charging!
RUN! RUN, YOU CRAZY,
RICH FREAK.
NO. I CAN'T
WATCH THIS.
CHECK IT OUT,
HE'S WINNING. PETE'S WINNING.
REALLY?
NO-OH-OH.
Uh-oh. Bruza has Becker
on the canvas and is going
for his favorite area.
All:
OH! UH-OH!
IF THAT'S HIS FAVORITE AREA,
WHY IS HE BEING SO MEAN TO IT?
Ross: THIS IS IRONIC.
OF YOUR LAST
TWO BOYFRIENDS
RICHARD DIDN'T WANT
TO HAVE KIDS
AND FROM THE LOOKS OF IT,
NOW PETE CAN'T.
WHOA!
NO!